[Autogenerated] Now what we want to do is of course,
to marriage a the development we made on this
special branch to the master branch.
So to do that, we can check out this Master branch,
select the commit We want to marriage a on merged disk.
Um, it just like that.
Of course,
since those two branches have different version of the same user class
conflict occur on This is exactly what I wanted to show you.
So if we check the user class,
we have this well known gets in tax with the first part coming
from the Ed Branch on the second part coming from the devel
branch that we created earlier.
So let us see how we can solve this conflict.
We can select the user class in the package.
Explorer, go to the team of Shona of the pop up menu.
Select the merge tool here, which is a built in Tula within eclipse.
This merciful view is divided into three parts.
The first part of the structure compare on the Java structure
compared The second part is the current commit.
We are watching you which is the a C zero commit If
we check on the Easter review,
we can see that this commit is indeed the head commit.
And the second part is the A 64 commit.
That is,
if we check on the history view the devil commit that were trained to merge.
Now the question is,
what are we going to select from which commit here
the private in ager we want it.
So let us copy this part to our current commit.
We want also the gate agent and said Agia and we want to keep the two string.
So let's just select IQ like that that is closer.
These you and save it on that We can see on the user class
that we have a clean class with both changes from the Devil
branch and the head branch.
So there is coming this team commit stadia.
The changes are the conflicts has been sold.
Commit.
So now how are classes cleaner?
The conflict has been sold.
We can continue by maybe removing these to stream a third er
and add a new on with both feels name and age so that our
user can be properly displayed.
A let us commit this last modification have
deterred the to string method commit.
Check the history here and we can see thou that the Devil Branch has been properly merged into the master branch.